The electronic game with the talking phone to win call guys get clues figure out which guy really likes you
Hi guys, what do you say my secret huh?
He's not at the beach. See you later
You're right, I really like you
Dream phone hot electronic talking phone game. It's for you
No other night
No other place
No way to stop it
Now sneaky you are now sneaky you are now sneaky
I want to grow up here. I have to I'm alex mac. I was just another average kid until my first day of junior high
One minute. I'm walking home the next there's a crash and I'm drenched in some weird chemical
And since then nothing's been the same
Friend Ray thinks it's cool
And my sister Annie thinks I'm a science project
I can't let anyone else find out
Not even my parents. I know the chemical plant wants to find me and turn me into some experiment
But you know something
I guess i'm not so average anymore
I was wondering if you had a chance to reconsider and no, I am not going to reconsider
But thanks anyway, it was nice of you to ask
Look alex. I know we don't know each other very well. We don't know each other at all true
But if you don't go with me, who are you gonna go with? I don't mean to sound rude jerry, but
Isn't that my business? Sure, of course
I I just want you to know that if things don't go exactly the way you want
I'm here
For now
It's up with you and jerry. He asked me to dance again
Apparently three nos weren't enough
Well, it's not like guys are beating down your door to ask you are they?
This isn't even your locker
Okay, so I'll drop the book by your place tomorrow
Come on alex this guy's a ninth grade
Andy's taken
Why is he with jessica?
She's so
Evil oh not to him. She's nice to him. I've seen them together
I don't think she's very smart either
I'll tell scott. I'm sure it'll make all the difference
You gotta go. There's no way out of it
It's very uncool to go them date. Who says you have to go without a date
We could go together
Come on ray. We've been best friends forever. That'd be like going to my brother or something
You know what I mean, right? Yeah, definitely
No problem
Tell me that rich hold on dad. I gotta talk to you about something
I get nervous when you get serious like this
It's about alex
We've been best buddies ever since we're playing in the sandbox, right?
Yeah
And today this weird thing happened
Dad will you stop saying uh-oh till I get to my point
Sorry
See nobody invited her to the big school dance on saturday except for this one kid
I know she was feeling bad about it. So I invited her
You did the right thing
Yeah, tell me that rent
And she didn't want to go with me
I didn't mean it as a big thing. I didn't want anything to come between our friendship
But it felt kind of further
Ray in your life
You're gonna go through a lot of very confusing situations with women
You're not gonna understand them. They're not gonna understand you and there's nothing you can do about it
It's just the way it is. So it's no point wasting time trying to figure it out
Dad
Yeah, what are you talking about? I have no idea
Having that rich son, let's get back to this car rich
Rich, do you know what time it is?
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I wake you girls? Well now that you're up come come down here and look at this quick
Is that you and dad? Oh, can you believe it? Oh, look how handsome he was
What could be so fascinating at this hour?
Ew
Look at us
We had so much energy back then
I wish we could have bottled and saved it. You haven't had that kind of fun together in years
Of course not
Because you're always working or taking classes or doing something serious
Look who's talking
Keep in mind that the definition of energy is potential forces
Inherent power capacity for vigorous action
Do with that information what you will
One day you're gonna tell me which one of us is adopted
Sweet dreams. Good night, honey
Capacity for vigorous action
Potential forces
What's she talking about? Well that we need to get out more together and get away from our work
How about we start friday night?
Friday night
Oh, well, I'd have to cancel my yoga and then i'm gonna have to skip japanese class
And I have a meeting of the einstein society, which is really important
I think that friday night would be a great time to start
Yeah
Annie when you were in seventh grade, did you go to the big dance?
No, and I don't think you should waste your time worrying about one meaningless social event
You have your whole life ahead of you. Why don't you start thinking about that?
Well, I'm
I don't think I'm gonna go
Nobody's asked you, huh?
Wrong
Somebody asked me
Just not the person I want
Are we back to scott again? He has no idea how I feel about it
So just tell him
Or you could take the chicken's way out and write him a letter
You can handle him face to face
No chicken
Dear scott
I know you don't really know me
But there's something I've been meaning to say to you
What are you doing down here riko catch you later
You guys I don't need some dream day to know to have fun. I'll fly solo if you know what I mean
I don't know what you're talking about. I'm telling you scott. I saw it
Hey, alex. Hi scott. What's going on? Listen Jessica claims she saw you come out of my house yesterday
Do you have any idea what she's talking about?
No, of course not
Man she can get pretty weird sometimes
So you're going to dance tomorrow night
Yeah, I mean probably
I might have something else I had to do. I don't know probably not
Who knows? Well, you should definitely come
Aren't you going with Jessica? Yeah, but so what we're not exactly engaged or anything
So I'll see you there. Yes
Hey, listen alex
What's with your tan kind of comes and goes
Oh, I know it's an allergic reaction to the sun or something
Well, I'll see you tomorrow
I'm watching you alex. I know what you're up to
I didn't do anything
Hello, you're seventh grader. You don't have the power to do anything
And if you do decide to go to the dance tomorrow night, I suggest you stay out of our way
Back with more alex
mad
proven
With interchangeable heads, bodies and legs
Groot, desk
It makes super-sized bugs and creatures
Super fixed
That's why they call it the super oven
The super oven comes with everything here other mold, plastic, gold, sulfur, and your parents put it together like all the batteries not included
Are you gonna sleep all day?
I know let's get some corn pops. We don't have any. They don't have killots corn pops
Oh, like sweet popcorn. I can almost taste it and I'm not spending my weekend with someone who snores when I can't have my pops
Come on girls. I bought those corn pops one of all. Well, if that's what you got
Kellogg's corn pop cereal is part of this complete breakfast. Gotta have my pops
It's it's a monster
Bonkers fun is yours with the bonkers signal flashlight free with two proofs from mark boxes of Kellogg's corn pops batteries not included
We're the kids club kids. We just want to have fun
The kids club kids to a big case number one
The burger king kids club
Rare school to be a kid
Burger king is bringing the treasures of disney's Aladdin to you with adventure inflatables
Five fun boxes with inflatable treasures featuring the stars of Aladdin
You can collect them all one in every kids meal only a burger king where the magic of Aladdin is taking off
The burger king kids club. It's a cool place
Nice car
Let's crush it in the matchbox car crusher
My car car crusher comes with four crushed cars additional cars sold separately from matchbox
Licking lizards
Licking lizards the game where you try to catch the most bugs with the lizards sticky store and dita
from tyco
No super villain was a match for arty
not paper cut
Mcflimp or even the Iac
None could defeat him none could sway him from his sworn course his holy vigil his unending duty as pete's personal superhero until
It might be best for pete if you were to uh
Leave town
But this be the end for the strongest man
In the world
Watch the first of an epic two-part pete and pete tonight at 8 37 30 central on snick
You can knock on wood and step around ladders, but still it's coming
You can pick up lucky pennies and devoid black cats, but still it comes
You can throw salt over your shoulder and step over cracks, but it won't stop it from coming
Are you afraid of the dark tonight only on snick?
Don't say we didn't warn you
Have you kids seen out now back to alex mac
Hi robin. Hi mr. Mac george
Cool outfit. Thanks
I'm glad you wore something that'll hide the blood after jessica gets through with you
I'm telling you he asked if I was coming. They're not exactly engaged
He may even ask me to dance
optimism
It'll kill you every time
Dad, do you mind just dropping us off outside the school grounds embarrassed to be seen with your parents
Kids your age are forced to deal with mr. Mac. I guess I have and we'll stay out of the way when we pick you up
You both look absolutely beautiful
Thanks mom so do you
We'll see you later
Have a good time
Look if we go
Oh, come on alex
And you think I have a death wish
I know
Oh, no
Here he comes again
What's he doing?
I don't know, but I gotta go to the girls room be right back
Where'd alex go?
Oh, she's avoiding you. I know that gotta expect the worst
I totally agree. It's the minute. Okay. Hey rake. You look really great out there, right?
Want to dance?
No, I don't think so
You're not exactly having fun. This is supposed to be a party. I'm okay rake get back to your girls
I'll hang out with you
I look great just because I picked the wrong person to like doesn't mean you should give up your fun
Okay, but if you want to dance just let me know
The uh go-go club was probably not the best choice in terms of reawakening our youthful energy
Probably not
Now what?
I don't know. How about a cup of coffee? I saw this cute cafe down the block sounds great
Alex I just want you to know that I've moved on
Congratulations to both of you
Are you sure you don't mind alex? I mean, I don't want you to hold this against me
Robin
Please I think I'll sit this one out ladies
Why did you even bother coming alex you haven't moved from that spot all night?
I know
For some reason Scott buys your little cute innocent app, but I don't
I see all your little tricks
Like what like what like that little hyper blushing thing you do in front of him
I don't know what you're talking about
Why don't you go home to your stuffed animals and stop embarrassing yourself? He's with me, okay?
Live with it
I don't think that I'm in the mood for coffee. I think I might not be either
But I think I know something you're never too old for
What happened to Jessica's dress? I don't know
Want to dance? I mean until she gets back
I guess so
This would be great, honey. For some places never cheat. All right best two out of three
Oh
Hi
Welcome to see your citizens night. No 160 admitted
Dispatch for bowlers over 80. Do you have a good night now?
What are you doing this summer? I'm not sure it looks like I might have to get a part-time job
I guess you'll be on the basketball team next year, huh?
I bet you'll be the star
Maybe
I hope so
I know you probably don't care about this, but I came to all your home games this year
You're really amazing. You're pretty cool for a seventh grader. Alex. Thanks. I mean Jessica's beautiful and everything but sometimes
You know, I
I'd like to be able to have a conversation with her like this
You think you're doing dancing with her? Calm down. Jess. I was waiting for you
What happened to you? Never mind that. I'm here
Uh, well, see you later. Alex. Thanks for the dance. See ya
Hey
Hey, mind if I finish out the rest of the dance with you?
Sure, okay
I think all your new girlfriends are jealous of me right now. Well, I don't take a number
So it wasn't so bad after all
Not really. At least I lived through it. The next one will be a lot easier
Did you get to dance with everyone you wanted?
Yeah
I did
I guess just because you like someone a lot doesn't mean that they're ready to like you
Maybe someday
My dad said there's no point wasting time trying to figure this stuff out. It just happens
Maybe he's right. Look at those people
Think I'll ever be that happy
Definitely
Next week, let's get our tongues pierced and try the go-go club again. Oh, they'd love that at the plant
Oh honey, look look over there
Cool
Hey Melanie, I think this show needs a little more romance. Don't you?
I'd rather kiss a cactus. She's crazy about me
My brother and me, some days it takes 35 30 central only on Nickelodeon
Some Santas have the suit
Could that man be Santa Claus? No, Santa can have grumpy face
Some even have the sleigh
Ah
But only one look at our grandpa esco. He thinks you're Santa Claus has the magic
I am there's only one true Santa Claus
I guess there's no doubt about it miracle on 34th street. No, I should have got a zoi gram rated bg sneak preview tonight and tomorrow
We bring a box kellobs frosting minuites on the bus and now me
Says we're using their doggins don't think of nutrition. They know these little guys kept packed with whole grain
Smart kids know they need frosted. It stinks of frost. It's all over these things. They keep my good little passengers on the road to a balanced breakfast
How much frosted meaning we'd serial as part of this complete breakfast tastes so good
Who cares about anything else a good breakfast helps them put their best face forward
Scruffy Sam was king of the races until a maniac lored in
Scruffy Sam was history and the Lego maniac made history
The Lego system town collection each set sold separately maniac not included
I went to look for the guys on foot that saturday. My old bike just didn't cut it anymore
Nobody anywhere
I kept hearing this sound
Brother the world was shut down
I saw a billboard and I was like wow cool bikes
Dad pulled in then I saw it
They'll draw a crowd and leave it behind
It's saturday night nicolodian is snack then would friday night nicolodian be
Nick
Gross you spit on me
People say there aren't any heroes anymore, but I don't know
I say they're all around us
You just have to know where to look
For starters, there's Perseus
He's the guy who cut off Medusa's head and saved Andromeda from the sea monster
Then there's Pegasus the immortal winged horse
Swooping in out of nowhere to help destroy a fire-breathing beast
And finally over the skies of wellsville you can spot the arty constellation
Where arty came from no one knows but ever since he arrived in our town evil has had to haul but
19 o'clock and all
His pipe
Arty's a suburban superhero with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men
No one knows the full extent of his mutant arsenal
But if you ask me
His most amazing power of all is this one
His friendship with my brother Pete
It's a titanium reinforced bond that over the years
Has given them the strength to vanquish every villain that's gotten in their way
From a maniac schnauzer to the Atlantic Ocean
But unfortunately
There are villains in this world and then there are super villains
The difference being that super villains
Usually won't stop until they destroy the superhero thereafter as well as the legend he left behind
Superheroes if they're really super always have super villains to worry about
For Superman it was Lex Luthor for the fantastic for Dr. Doom
For arty the strongest man in the world it was these skank weevils
Name paper cut occupation school bully
Powers
Like his name says he's the master of the paper cut if you get in his way
You better like the sight of your own blood
We'll cut back to him in just a bit
To get this story going I better brief you on this scuzz master name john mcflimp
occupation aluminum siding salesman his powers
He's a master salesman who knows every trick in the book
My doctor says if I keep doing these demonstrations
My heart is going to burst like a bad
Melon, but hey no pressure
Being a super salesman he had the power to sell adults on the idea that arty was a menace to society
Rumor has it that mcflimp was sent to our town by a secret anti-kid organization called the international adult
Conspiracy in order to deal with the arty problem once and for all
The
Adults in our area have always been a little afraid of arty the problem is what they can't understand
They can't control
I hate canoes
For years they were powerless to do anything about arty
But then came mcflimp
After analyzing the situation closely for a few weeks mcflimp realized there was a weak link in arty's line of defense
Our dad
Why me
Joyce don't encourage them
mcflimp knew if he could just get to dad he could get to arty
Hey done
And being the master salesman that he was he knew exactly how to exploit dad's weaknesses
Hey john I uh see your son is vacuuming the yard
Actually, he's reseeding it. Yeah, he came up with this idea of filling the vacuum with grass seed then running a darn thing in reverse
Wow
You've got quite a son there. Don't think I don't know that don't now
What about your son?
What about him?
well
May not be any of my business, but you think it's a good idea for your son to be hanging around
Looting the tank like that arty character
Oh, I don't know about that john. I mean, it's not every boy who gets to have his very own personal superhero
Oh, that's where I think you're wrong
Now, maybe I'm a little old-fashioned, but I've always believed that a boy superhero
Should be his dad
Right son, right dad
I mean
Super dad
Why are we doing this dad?
Now it may surprise you son, but you know your old dad is something about a superhero himself
It just so happens. I'm probably the fastest most efficient gutter cleaner in town possibly the world
Now watch closely as I take this
Greetings roofie. Dad's trying to teach me how to clean gunk
Gunk
It's a father-son thing arty now just keep your tights on we'll be done in a couple hours
Idea
Now son as I was saying you take the scraper
idea
The real beauty is that it actually repels dirt
beautiful
This madness has to stop he got gunk in my suit
I'm really sorry everybody. You know, he's just he's just arty, you know
Uh, look if there's anything I could do to make it up to you folks actually
There is don
I'm calling a meeting of concerned citizens to discuss the arty situation
I'd like you to join us
I can't go sneaking around my son's back john
No pressure don
I understand
I mean if I cared absolutely nothing about our community
I'd make the same decision
All right, uh
I'll be there
While mcflamp prepared for phase two of his plan
Our other supervillain was about to begin phase one
They say paper cut was born in the back of a copy shop. There was no one to play with as we played with paper
He ended up cutting himself so many times
It did some kind of origami number on his brain
A brain that was capable of creating objects of great beauty
As well as objects of incredible pain
He was the king of the seventh grade who ruled his domain with three simple words
rock
Paper paper beads rock now prepare for your punishment
In the endless games he loved to play
He always threw paper and everybody else always threw rock
They were too afraid not to
But then one day everything changed paper beats rock
Rock beats scissors
scissors beat paper
Shut up and throw drill cup
scissors
You have just done
Think I did
We'll go down
scar finger
Bleed ginger and some sort of seafood shellfish
Artie a bearing in a timely fashion seemingly from nowhere
Be gone with you pulpy before I fold you into some type of brochure
Go recycle yourself paper cut
Oh boy, I guess you told me off
Very tough wriggly. You're a real butt kicker. All right
But I guess it's easy to be brave and you don't have to fight your own battles
true to their source
Paper cuts words left a paper cut in Pete's psyche
It was a small wound, but it was painful
And once it began to fester it infected Pete's soul
And soon threatened the future of one of the greatest friendships in the universe
The adventures of Pete and Pete would be back after this odd spec
Nickelodeon now has new episodes of Ren and Stimpy and as a chihuahua. I must protest
They depict chihuahuas as high strong and lacking in moral fiber
This is wrong
Chihuahuas are calm faithful house pets. Is there a new episode about them going for a nice walk?
No, protection of frisbee? No, there's only vomiting and screaming
candy hunts
The preceding editorial does not necessarily represent the opinion of Nickelodeon. In fact, it doesn't
Watch the new Ren and Stimpy's on Nickelodeon
New snap together color-coded construction set
Now back to the adventures of Pete and Pete
The forces of darkness assembled to destroy arty once and for all
The evil paper cut sliced a gash into the heart of Pete and arty's friendship
And supervillain Mcflimp had found the one weapon that could bring the strong man down
Dad
I'm glad you could make it come in
We just started
Yesterday I caught my son arm wrestling a slab of bacon
Said arty taught him how
That psycho arty dared my nona to go two days saying only the word
boing
Well, so uh, did she make it?
What about the shortcuts?
My shortcuts a four lane expressway with a scenic rest stop
My son
John jr. Use the word pipe today. He looked at a flower
And he said pipe
That scares me don
pipe
It's not such a bad word. You know don. It's that kind of attitude. That's enabling that freak to destroy our youth
Hey, I don't love the guy either, but I can't just make him go
I mean even if I could uh peter kill me
Don
I think the bottom line here is the mutants gotta go
And
You're the man to do it. But hey
No pressure
Yet the pressure was on from all sides
Now that paper cut was hacking away at the bond between pete and arty
Hey buttercup big play friend come to walk you home
Do that son of
Hope I will fold you seven times. No, don't let's just go
Okay
Leaving then
Shall we go the short way boy? Okay, you can take the short way. I'll see you later
Boy, are you ailing? No
I just want to take the long way home for a change
They had always taken arty's shortcuts together
But something was different now with pete and with the neighborhood
We're organized now strong boy your days are numbered
We're gonna stop you sicko
Whoey
Enjoy it. Well, well here. We are at last mr. Super hero. Is everything
Today you all this pipe metallic man
You side show freak you're finished in this town strongest man in the world. Let's see you fight
public opinion
Uh
It's someone else complaining about arty. Why do they keep calling you got me? Uh, take a message. I need to um
Go clean the gutters
Pete
Honey, what's the matter?
As dad was about to find out
Pete's problem with arty gave him the solution. He'd been looking for it's about arty
I know he's my best friend and he's always sometimes when he stands up for me
I feel like a wuss
Nothing wrong with getting a little help pete
arty is your superhero
right
You don't get it. I mean
sometimes
I don't know
I just
Want to be my own viking
It was too good to be true
The power of pete and arty's friendship was weakening dad figured if he moved fast he could win pete back forever
His plan have the best father sunday ever
You know the great thing about the box kite it combines sound aerodynamics with grace and beauty
You know, it's great about my kite dad sound aerodynamics with stealth bomber technology
Well, uh, that's a nice son
As dad tried to sell himself to pete ellen and I tried to sell the town on arty the new improved arty
arty look
I didn't want to tell you this before but pete's not coming
He and dad went off first thing this morning
But this is your big chance arty
We gotta get you moving
Come on
ma'am
We're offering free thermally heated pre moistened towelettes
Care of wellsville's own superhero arty
The strongest man
Meanwhile dad decided the time had come to move in for the kill
You know pete a boy is a bit like a kite
Sometimes he needs to fly free
Fight his own battles be his own viking
Maybe a superhero can be like kites stream, you know holds the boy back
Dad's words had scored a direct hit the question was would pete crumble?
Maybe the boy needs to
Let go of that superhero save your breath dad. I I'm just saying that arty and me are best friends
That means forever. So live with it
Thermally heated pre moistened towelette this towelette is cold. Yeah
I'll heat it on high
Hot as mexico toad. We're gonna run you out of town
arty's bombing arty
Arty
I guess to adults the new arty was a lot like the old arty as far as our dad was concerned
They were both going down
It would be the most treacherous act in his life
But dad didn't care. He was gonna ambush the strong man in his own backyard
Came by for some sandwiches, didn't you? Yeah, you old softy
arty, uh, we need to talk yes
Done. I'm all ears. All ears my man. Go ahead arty
Good. It's it's about pete
No viking yes. Yeah, uh, you see uh, he needs a stable home life. Uh, I mean
Here's what I mean
It's not a little boy anymore, you know
He needs to stand on his own
Fight his own battles
Having a superhero around can
Stun his growth
Short
You see what I mean, it might be best for pete if you were to uh
Leave town he didn't have the heart to tell you himself. That's why he asked me
He wants you to go
Oh
I'm not saying it would swallow a cow. I'm just saying it could
Well, I once saw a snake swallow whole beef jerky. Oh, that's such a load
Pete I didn't know your dad was pals with arty. He's not
Yeah, I thought arty hates driving in cars. He does
I smell bald skunk
Come on. Well, this is the best thing for both of you. Yeah, why it'll give you a chance to start over. Uh, you know a clean slate
Whoa
So arty, how about those rising dividends and today's mutual funds? Hey
As he closed in pete finally understood what dad had been getting at the day before
Maybe that boy needs to
Let go of that superhero
How did he know?
He just felt it in his liver if he didn't catch up with arty. He'd never see him again
I'm hiking
God, he's calling me. He needs me. Oh, why is it not stop this pile at once?
I'll be forced to become drunk with you
He said
I'm afraid he said
Please don't come back
You don't need to be a genius to know who is behind pete's wipeout
Nobody here to fight your battles chicken breath
just you me
And my new ivory bomb
If your best friend had just been deported and the international adult conspiracy put your world into a full
Nelson headlock and a raging maniac with a thing for rock paper scissors was about to paper cut you to shreds
You'd probably think it was the end too
But you'd be wrong
It was only the beginning
Hi, pete here. We hope you enjoyed tonight's adventure
Don't forget you can catch pete and pete every sneak now. Stay tuned for rennan stimpy those lovable hair ball hacking eye popping
Puss oozing filthy slimy little adorable pets. Stay tuned. They're next on sneak
Stay tuned
Last time on the adventures of pete and pete dad a traitor arty gone pete left at the mercy of paper cut
Don't try crying for your superhero fungus lick
He's just gone yesterday
Next week witness the culmination of the pete's first ever two-part adventure
Will arty return will pete stand on his own or will paper cut turn him into human pulp
Don't miss the conclusion of the epic two-part adventures of pete and pete next saturday on snick
Does school get you down? Is your family driving you crazy? Are you trying to hide a motorcycle in your room?
Don't panic
Clarissa will explain it all to you every weekday get some sound advice from a girl who has an explanation for everything
I suggest brushing your hair while bouncing up and down to wake up those brain cells
Nickelodeon gives you back-to-back episodes of Clarissa every monday through friday
So don't panic just sit back and relax as Clarissa explains it all at five four central now every weekday only on nickelodeon
The creepy crawlers workshop if you want a power ranger you've got a power ranger
Blue black yellow pink and red. Don't fear
Wow the mighty ones from power rangers are here. There's no need to hide with the power rangers by your side
Good night
If kids like me ran the world, I'd win the Mcworld sweepstakes every time that way I'd always be getting cool prizes cool
Cool and going on awesome trips final boarding call
Hey, they could happen passengers, please prepare for further details
There's three CD players if you win the Mcworld sony sweepstakes, you'll get a ton of sony stuff a show radio
All right, dad. Good day to 13 can write in or enter free at mcdonald's runners up win cd boom boxes many will enter
32-inch trinitron are cool. We're gonna sleep. I have no idea
Yesterday morning mrs. Block sees me in Kellogg's frosting mini-weeds and now the whole neighborhood thinks I'm such a bright boy
Don't she keeps his eye on nutrition? She loves this choice frosting. We're talking serious taste here crammed with whole grain wheat
He must be thinking
Kellogg's frosted mini-weeds cereal is part of this complete breakfast tastes so good. Who cares about anything else?
Can't more kids be like him
Welcome to the medieval battle action game weapons and warriors your deadly crossbow blasts your enemies defenses
He fires back with his cannon
It's your weapon arsenal against his
But your catapult is in position if you make this shot victory will be yours
Weapons and warriors three sets to choose from cause the coolest weapons were the first weapons
Long ago in a little village in the kingdom of fi
Ren Waldo and stimpleton
Sons of the dirtsmith kept house together
Ren Waldo, we've had no food since the last crusade
Oh
Then there's only one thing we can do
Take the family sugar and trade it for some food
That we may eat
I'll guard it like it was my own brain
So stimpleton began his perilous quest for food he searched hither
As well as yarn
That's a dumb proposal
Who goes there who dares to serve the man-eating village idiot?
Oh great and powerful exalted potentate of stupidude. It is I stimpleton
lowly illegitimate son of the miserable dirtsmith
Come to trade my chigar for some food
A chigar
Good clarity well developed sarax
I'll take it
Can I have my food now?
I must confess I have no food to trade. I have something better
Magical golden singing cheeses
Be thou maned
Only the most idiotic of idiots shall possess my magic cheeses
Unless thou proveeth thine stupidity in a battle of witlessness
I shall eat thee
You get it?
Mmm, I'd better
But what is thou this?
I'd eat thy damn apples
Quite moronic but feasteth thine eyes upon this
Stimpleton thine ignorance is
truly unsurpassed
Oh go on
With the battle won stimpleton leaves with the cheeses as the victor
And the man-eating village idiot dead comes stupidity
Bring me these unripened cheeses
All here there and bury them in this stable neatly manger so they may ripen to my taste
Pull in my roof
It is I stimpleton mr. Ogre sir
And how will I be compensated for this violation upon my humble dear
Them cheese these are not cheese
These are
Say I could use a pair of them
I'll take them
Stimpleton go yonder to this table and fetch the cheeses
Can't be quick about it lest I show surely
My betrayer of this great village is I stimpleton
Your royal royalness renwaldo and I are starving
We we've come to eat your stinking shoes
Kind of aren't attached to these shoes
Just broke them in
Tell you what though
I'll let you have them
For your sleep
Small enough
Can you break the kidney?
Sure
Change three kidney stones for tapeworm and my gallbladder
So they happily make the train
And stimpleton races back home with the cheeses in hand
And presents them to renwaldo
And that's good cheese
These are indeed the stinkiest of cheeses
Show us down renwaldo
To the first bite the curse of the magical singing cheeses was lifted
Changing them back into what they once were
princesses
Milk curd princesses
So they were forced to marry the princesses lived happily ever after and starved to death
Moving right back on snack
What's new is next?
They're finally here
It's the first time on video for sleepy doc
bashful happy grumpy dopey and
Sneezy
In walt Disney's classic snow white in the seven dwarfs
Now you can watch the greatest movie ever made whenever you want
Walt Disney's snow white in the seven dwarfs now on video so you can have a copy for your very own gritty g
Lego technic after you make it make it move
Pistons that pump
Gears that'll get you going
Motors that muscle
And blades that'll blow you away
Technically speaking, it'll turn you on
The lego technic collection each set sold separately batteries not included
Take two things you'd like say the pool in a very cool room
put them together
Talk about the water bed
Now there's a taste that has it all together too introducing agos cinnamon toast waffles
Cinnamon toast and waffles together bonus a psychedelic puzzle with cinnamon sweet pieces
Agos cinnamon toast waffles are a part of a complete breakfast you can't wait to dive into
Wouldn't life sing for that?
New agos cinnamon toast waffles this taste has it all together. Uh, we're here to clean your room
Burger King is bringing the treasures of Disney's Aladdin to you with adventure inflatables
Five fun boxes with inflatable treasures featuring the stars of Aladdin
You can collect them all one in every kids mirror
Only at Burger King where the magic of Aladdin is taking off to Burger King Kids Club. It's a cool place
Every Saturday night a group of kids known as the Midnight Society gather round a campfire with one idea in mind
to scare
spook
horrify
alarm
terrify
and frighten
you
Are you afraid of the dark?
Tune in tonight at 9 38 30 central on snake and find out
Meet Ikkis friendly playful terrify
Crom short happy-go-lucky repulsive
Ovelina smart sensitive
They're all real monsters. Hmm. There's something missing. Oh, yeah, and the grumble horrible despicable
Captivating they just love being me watch all the real monsters sunday mornings at 11 10 central on nick
Lodeon
Now back to random stimpy
Yes, mr. Haggis sir
Uh, help me with my hair
What I do for my own
Uh, here is your breakfast mr. Haggis. It is your favorite
Oh boy
Chick leprechaun
Charm
Just add water
morning laddies
A nice palace you got here, sonny
You know, it's a dirty hand that makes a clean hose
It's a foreigner throw him out at once wait, but I'm a magic leprechaun. I can grant you anything you wish
Give me a flowing man of my own locks right now
All right, all right
I'll grant you your wish
But only if you can first pass a test
If you're man enough
Oh, yeah
I can pass any measly test
You've got yourself a deal
And now for the first test baldy
Can you keep your temper?
Huh?
What temper?
Ah, yeah, he is always mad
If you fail the big dumb house boy is mine
Let's begin
click
Supernatime there was an ugly little scotsman
Who was very angry
He had only three
son
No, the first one he done ran away and went to live on
the moon
While he was very happy
Now the second son ran away to live in a crack in the blarney stone
And it was a very comfy home indeed
And then finally
The last son left home to live inside a cave
Then he invited all his friends
To have a big party
Uh happy, uh, he lived
Oh, yeah
He lived happily ever
One nation unguarded where witches stand
That hurt I think
Whenever you're done
You can hand over that house boy
Well, you got one last chance to win your wish
If you can pass a test of courage
Courage
Throw me to the lion
Help me any dragons
Then prove to me that you're not afraid of the dark
Now remember the rules
If you can last more than a minute down there
You win
But if you lose
Shelly is mine
Huh courage
Afraid of what dark here have another egg
Well, uh, at least there's no snakes
Certainly there are no
monsters
Levels
Pesk, pesk, pesk
Oh close
Well, I'll be taking that shelly now
Come on
Oh, no
Not my shelly
Oh, please don't make me don't make me
Very well, leprechauns got his reputation up hold
It's okay. You can win
Take this lucky bean
Eat it and you'll be granted your wish
Hi, frank here from the midnight society
Are you afraid of the dark is next on snick and the midnight society is preparing to guide you through another tale of horror
So stay tuned unless you're chicken
This fate has a way of putting you in the right place at just the right time
I'll watch it
Not to gross out just make some groceries in the incredible edibles groceries maker
What you put in will gross you out. I'm talking really rude food totally crash-wise
And you can make these rude food
And not the flavor a hundred percent delicious hundred percent gross
Incredible edibles groceries maker comes with everything you see here parents put it together light bulb mount included from toy max
An energy pack complete cheerios breakfast helps charge your body with the kind of power you need
Horning power kid power go power so you can do the things you want even catch some sky
Breakfast with the one and only cheerios
Is this the van to super van city or is
One two three four
You can get in the town
Super van city just hold it on down
Micro machines take it over the place with real racing dragsters ready to raise
Super van city the micro machine super van city you put it together fold it up take it away
Vehicle collections sold separately and now from micro machines
New mighty morphen power rangers eight different collections of figures and vehicles each sold separately
Trample
Cackle quiver freak cringe
Snick figures she's not here probably too afraid to face us. What are you guys talking about betty and what did she do?
She wouldn't let her friends sneak into a movie
We're coming out of one movie theater and the next one's right there. The door was open. We were in but I didn't want to do it
So she yells out. Hey guys this way out
The usher sees us bang. We're dead. I didn't want to go. You should have stayed quiet
I'm not so sure about that
I really thought it was wrong
So I had a choice
Should I stand up for what's right?
Or stay silent. I hope this is about your story. It is kind of
Silence has power
The power of the unknown the unspoken
Silence can be a blessing a welcome moment of peace
Or it can be evil. The trick is to know when to welcome it
Or be very afraid
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call this story
The tale of the silent servant. What have you done?
It attacked me
It's here
The words don't work
I told you
Never to reveal yourself
I command you be still
I'll return for you later
After I take care of our friendship
Jared Connor was visiting his cousin Anne's farm for the summer. Jared's greatest love was baseball
All he wanted to do was play
Unfortunately for Anne
Baseball was not her favorite pastime. It's quit. I'm tired. Just throw the ball
I'm Jared
Who went for what?
Told her not to go back so far
There's too much work to be doing right now for you to be causing trouble young lady
I got a crop to get in. I know. I'm sorry. You're both gonna have to work off the price of a new window
Mark take their gloves
Ah, you can't
As I see it takes two to play catch
Now there'll be no more baseball until you show some responsibility
Hey, nice glove. Maybe I'll use it at my softball tournament this weekend. You better not
Hey, hey cool it cool it. I was only joking settle down
No one's gonna use your glove
I'll toss those things in the tractor
Now
You two have some work to do
Start by taking some beans to mr. Galloway down the road. This isn't fair
Well breaking my window wasn't fair and tomorrow I want you both to help mark build the fence around the garden
Isn't there an easier way to keep the deer out?
None that I can think of now
Get going barn
It's old man. All stats. Let's check it out. No
Why?
Scared Jared we gotta deliver Jared. It's mr. All stats
People say that he was some kind of sorcerer and that he had invisible servants for his farm
And you believe that stuff
No
Yeah, right
You can make a dugout for our baseball field with these boards. Let's go
Give me a hand. Oh boogie man. Let's get out of here
We can hang the scarecrow in the garden instead of building a fence
Scarecrow scare crow is not deer. You're just scared. I am not
You're gonna help me or what? Hey wait
Okay
This isn't such a hot idea
What's going on you guys
It'll keep the deer from eating the vegetables
Nice try. You still gotta help me build the fence
I told you
Mr. Galloway give you that
We never went
We kind of got sidetracked
Well, then you best be on your bikes and start pedaling unless you want to spend the rest of the summer doing chores
We better hurry your dad's gonna kill us
Good dad comes to those who wait
We we're just that dragons have been stolen
Have you seen my dragons? We haven't seen any dragons
The better for you then
such sorrow
I used to see rainbow colored lights now
darkness
such sweeping
What
His evil was contagious
He raised the silent call of him, but I was too clever for them
They could stop the silent servant now
All of the master could break the spell
But he's dead
Ed
Be forewarned
Once the word is given
It cannot be undone
It is always listening
All well all that done
Solemn us
The servant will hear it never more
For the true master is dead
And the beast
runs free
Was that crazy george?
Who's mr. Earl says farming until until he went crazy probably
Man, what a loon
What is it?
It's all it's scared from
Look dragons
We should bring you back something's inside
Jared don't
Recites that which is written shall summon the silent one hither
And shakespeare like I don't think you should awaken slumbering servant
Awaken say your master
Abide by the true master's word
And hold ye bound by this incantation
Never turn back upon my mission
Maybe we shouldn't
They power the word
Provector Solemnus
As thy true master divides the dragons and sets thy silent servant to rest
Enough
This must have been mr. Earl studs
Who cares
When do you think we'll get our gloves back?
Oh
Only home for bite to eat
Would you two take out the garbage?
I don't think all that silent servant stuff is real
I wish I'm sick of doing chores
Martin
Stay in your seat if you dare there's more are you afraid of the dark after this
In a wondrous enchanted place
A young man crosses the threshold between all he knows and all he can possibly imagine
Now
I'm a cartoon
An ordinary boy
Will scale the heights of adventure
And come back a hero
You're the greatest
Yes
Macaulay Culkin Christopher Roy
The page master rated gene starts wednesday november 23rd at theaters everywhere
I'm designing a perfect bike
It's tough and it looks like a Harley-Davidson awesome. I could really get into this
It's a bike taking places you've never been before
Look at this
Cool things happen when you start the day with Kellogg's pop tarts
The hot taste of real fruit filling inside and cool frosting on the outside
The cool hot part of this complete breakfast
Thank you
Last interaction with the blackbird jet the x-men three stage fighter. It's a combat command cockpit
It's a landrunner. It's an attack glider and the cerebral mutant detector
The hypersonic blackbird jet x-men figures sold separately
Introducing x-men projectors x-men figures that light your walls with x-men adventures
Put one adventure disc inside wolverine then project the pictures you control the action change discs for different adventures
Gotcha x-men projectors sold separately with three action adventure discs
Watch out. It's coming back. We now return to are you afraid of the dark?
Whoa, whoa, what's the rush it's a scarecrow alive. I swear I came after a silent service. Whoa one at a time
There's a scarecrow right and we hung it in the garden. There's a skull and jarred ready. No, it's alive
You gotta show it to me thing right here
There's your man. It doesn't look like he's going anywhere too fast
It was alive. I saw it too. Come on you guys. I mean dad probably just took it down and
Put it over here and when you guys came by I fell
That's all you guys want me to help you hang it back up. No, thanks. Okay then, uh
Don't stay up too late. I got that new glass for the window. We'll fix it first thing tomorrow
All right guys, you never should have broke that window
You either want to throw the ball you should have caught it when you fix the window
You're supposed to be the servant. Let's go in
Beans while you're at it must have fixed it wasn't me
Hmm mark must have had pity on you too. Oh, uh, mr. Galloway called and thanked us for those beans
Does this mean we can go to mark softball games this afternoon? Sure
Right after you put in a good day's work on the fence
Look guys, we'll finish tomorrow, right? I got to get to my game. Can I go?
Uh, sure and you want to come too? No, I got stuff to do
Suit yourself and uh, you guys bringing the tools. Okay. I'm gonna go get my gear
I don't want to have to do this tomorrow. Don't say that to the silent servant. Yeah, right like it exists
Jared mark didn't fix the door and are sure wise and that's to take the beans from mr. Galloway
Don't believe it. Then how else do you explain it? Okay
Let's see
Jared don't start what George said. It's evil
George is crazy
What's your excuse?
For a master
Separate the dragons and just build magic
How'd you guys do it?
Do what?
This is great. I didn't know you guys had it in you
Pretty good, huh?
This just bought you guys the afternoon off
Nice work
Whole base anything it's evil evil. It's excellent. This is our ticket to the best summer ever
But the scrolls command you
Filled me a dugout for my baseball field out back
Calla vector salamnos cancel the command. Calla what?
It's in the scroll. This is dangerous and get over it. I'm getting a dugout
Let's go into town. There's a baseball card shop. I want to check out
Jared, where did these boards come from? Who cares? We got a real field now
And Jared get over here now
You guys want to explain this?
It was a scarecrow honest. We didn't know it would wreck the fence
Come on you guys you got to come up with a better story than that for dad
But it's the truth
Mr. Earl stands barn. Sorry. I have to ground you two
But I was going to your game tonight. I don't think so
Here your gloves
Stay out of trouble out of here
Mark still got it. Come on. Mark wouldn't take your glove
I'd like to kill whoever did
Jared no way that wasn't in order
Oh, man
The thing's going after mark. We got to stop it. How you couldn't stop it from building the dugout
Only the true master can stop the servant the powers in the tube
And smash it the dragons have to be separated
Calla vector salamnos got a worn mark the game will be over by now, but I know where it'll be
Congratulations
You guys are grounded the scarecrow is after we can't stop it
What are you talking about? It's because you have my glove. I gave you your glove
No, the word tractor parts in that bag tractor parts
Oh, I guess I gave you the wrong bag. Well, then where are the gloves?
What blazes where is he I don't know he could be anywhere. What's going on dad's in a lot of trouble
Mark, we got to get their old stats born. What's going on?
Forget it. You gotta find uncle Pete. That'll take hours. We don't have enough time
Listen and no I've listened to you long enough for doing this my way
Only the true master can separate the dragons
But Earl said he's dead
Exactly
You can separate the dragons
Vector salamnos. Would you mind telling me what's going on?
Sure
I'll tell you all about while Jared refills his bed. I declare this meeting of the midnight society closed
Good story bed
Thanks
We were thinking you want to go to the movie tomorrow. You're kidding
No, and we'll buy the tickets. You don't have to do that
Yeah, we do. Wow. Thanks guys. No problem
Except I picked the flick
But I think good movies
Okay, it's gonna back to me
Nick is old. We'll be back in just 166 hours and counting
What's newest, Nick?
Tear at your local zoo
Make a birdhouse
If you want to help make a difference, but you're not sure how to get started
Contact the 4-H big help campaign
agricultural box 0904 U.S. Department of Agriculture Washington, D.C.
202-5-0-09-04
They'll help you find ways to help where you live. It's another way you can be a part of something big
Let's make some groceries in the incredible edibles groceries maker by corn on the slot 100% gross
It's the incredible edibles made of power ranger sweepstakes one lucky family will win the trip to hollywood and have lunch with a real power ranger
They only think better than making an
Anyone is me
Incredible edibles groceries maker and power rangers mold back sold separately parents put it together light bulb not included from toy max
This is called pop tarts ode. I thought pop tarts are really cool
But if you pour them in a bowl, they wouldn't fit tell Kellogg's man cereal called pop tarts crunch
I love to munch
On them
They're like pop tarts only smaller and you can pour milk on them
They're crunchy and you can pour milk on them
Pop tarts crunch new Kellogg's pop tarts crunch cereal part of this complete breakfast. They're pop tarts for your spoon. Thank you
Deep inside your heart and know you can do it you've trained hard so you can't do it
You can do anything you want to do
But you can't play the coolest games
Let's see
Pirates came looking for the islanders treasure, but what they found was a maniac
Only a lego maniac could turn nasty pirates into lunch
Legomania the lego system islanders collection each set sold separately maniac not included
First up on nick at night the white shadow followed by the lucy and desi comedy hour
Classic tv flavor that lasts a long long extra long time
This portion of nick at night is brought to you by roba tussan cough syrup
When the person who doctors the family gets a cough and cold everyone suffers mom someone took my sleeve
I earned it myself
Time to doctor that cough with roba tussan because more doctors and pharmacists recommend roba tussan than any other cough medicine
Look mom's feeling better
Roba tussan recommended by dr. Mom which roba tussan is right for you ask your doctor or pharmacist
And also try roba tussan cough drops cough drops from the cough experts
What's the most important thing you put on is it red? No, is it green?
I'll bet it's green
It's clear introducing soft and dry clear gel antiperspirant odor and wetness protection with no white
No messy no chalky residue fair enough. Hey, wait a minute. It's the most important thing you put on leaves no messy white stuff behind
You soft and dry clear gel
Have you ever wanted your own horse now?
You can bring home black beauty on video the exciting adventure told by the horse who lived it
The story of my life is the story of the people in it
black beauty rated g
Thanksgiving dinner just seems a little bit off
without it
The dierky green bean casserole
Made only with dierky french fried onions
This is television
It's classic television taxi two episodes every night starting at 10 9 central here on nick at night
Nick at night presents classic tv poetry
Sound by
Number seven you're kind of funny talking to a snail. Is he a living american male?
You don't have to be uh a whale
whale
You don't have to be uh a whale to write moldy this to get rich quick
That shakespeare must have had to drive him off of the stick. You're right. You're right. There's a really great television on tonight
Yeah, that happens to me every night. Nick at night every night
Whoop one engage join the adventure that takes you beyond time make it quick and beyond imagination
Let's go star trek generation
Rated PG special preview thursday november 17 starts friday november 18th
One banana or two bananas
One female orangutan or two female orangutans
One supreme pizza for 10 99 or two at little caesars for 998
He seems to prefer two
Why settle for one supreme pizza when you can get two at little caesars for just 998 satisfaction guaranteed pizza pizza
My husband every weekend he put on the same old t-shirt and ratty jeans
Well, I'd had enough so I took him to jc penny where all dockers are on sale
And i'm telling you we found him all sorts of great stuff
Like these very stylish long sleeve shirts and these wrinkle free cotton khakis
Now he's like a whole new man
Oh sort of the doctor's week sale through saturday only
This is jergen's body shampoo and this is the sponge all you do is squeeze a little bit of jergens into the hole
The lather is unbelievable. It rinses away so easily and your skin feels invigorated fantastic jergen's body shampoo squeeze for yourself
You're a vampire never knew what life was until it ran out in a red gush
Over your lips. They live for the pleasure
The passion
The thrill the story you told me is is incredible. It's amazing and they will live forever. Don't make me do this. I can't
Tom cruise brad pit
Interview with the vampire radar now playing at a theater near you
Few strawberries are this sweet or have the firmness of these for the flavor of these
So we don't choose just one kind of strawberry. We combine three the way we pick fruit makes it easy for you to pick a yogurt
There's an island halfway around the world
That's known for producing the richest vanilla anywhere to taste how rich it really is
You could go around the world or around the corner the way we choose ingredients makes it easy for you to choose a yogurt
This holiday season while you're shopping we'll be dropping
A ton of money in the discover card big payback
Now every time you use your card you're automatically entered in our holiday sweepstakes
The more you shop the more chances you have to win
Weekly bonus prizes of $50,000 or land the ultimate $1 million grand prize
It pays to discover the card with the big payback
You touch it. It's alive. It's mildew and cleaning it isn't enough
You have to kill it with tilex
Tilex is disinfecting formula kills mildew and destroys its stain kill mildew with tilex now at a new low price
Why take a cough drop that's mostly sugar
Wood you can take nice nice same medicine. No sugar
For the tg generation